doc: Update vCPUs limitation in UEFI mode (#393)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/installation/requirements.md

- **Virtual CPUs (vCPUs) per VM**:
  - For untrusted VMs, the security-supported limit is **32 vCPUs**.

>   - For trusted VMs, the theoretical limit is **254 vCPUs**. Linux VMs with **128 vCPUs** in BIOS mode and **96 vCPUs** in UEFI mode have been successfully tested.

Author: It's an hardcoded limitation in OVMF. There is a [Xen ticket](https://gitlab.com/xen-project/xen/-/issues/191) proposing to expose the maximum vCPUs through a cpuid leaf. That would also require changes in OVMF so it can configure itself.
Let me add a comment that work are planned to increase this limitation.

>   - For trusted VMs, the theoretical limit is **254 vCPUs**. Linux VMs with **128 vCPUs** in BIOS mode and **96 vCPUs** in UEFI mode have been successfully tested. Developments are planned to increase these limitations.

Reviewer: Still, this doesn't really describe reality, IMO. 

Shouldn't it be: 

```suggestion
  - For trusted VMs, the theoretical limit is **254 vCPUs** in BIOS mode (Linux VMs with **128 vCPUs** have been successfully tested) and **96 vCPUs**. Developments are planned to bring UEFI VM limits to the level of BIOS VM limits.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we have tested with 129 vCPUs in bios mode. Have we? That's why we say we tested 128. 254 could work, but requires the hardware to do the test.
